The Wang family is in big trouble this time
The house is all sealed
Even Wang Kuan was caught
What do you mean? Isn't the Wang family over?
Sister Wang's family is already late
We might as well put ourselves in it
Not to mention Wang Chen
Let's just tell Ye Fan about this.
Let's go to Ye Fan
Exactly.
That kid Ye Fan was fascinated by you before
After you see that kid
Take the initiative to say a few soft words
He must be the same as before
Fall obediently under your pomegranate skirt
At your mercy
That's right, sister
Second sister, I heard
He made a lot of money this year.
I owe you housework
That must be a blessing
Okay, let's do it.
Why are you getting out?
You are not welcome here
Ye Fan has something to tell you this time
So what's up?